1.What is gridsearchcv and randomsearchcv and how to do hyperparameter tuning with them

GridsearchCV:
i) GridSearchCV is the process of performing hyperparameter tuning in order to determine the optimal values for a given model
ii)It tries with all possible values to know the optimal values. 
iii)We use GridSearchCV to automate the tuning of hyperparameters.
iv)GridSearchCV is a function that comes in Scikit-learn’s(or SK-learn) model_selection package.
v)This function helps to loop through predefined hyperparameters and fit your estimator (model) on your training set. 

RandomsearchCV:
i)Unlike GridsearchCV, here not all parameters are tested. 
ii) the search is randomized and all the other parameters are held constant while the parameters we are testing is variable.
iii)We use RandomsearchCV to automate the tuning of hyperparameters.
iv)we can use n_iter to specify how many parameter values we want to sample and test.


2. what is the difference in between fit(),fit_transform(),transform()and predict()?
SCIKIT LEARN - eg:standardscaler,minmaxscaler,Principal ComponentAnalysis and Imputer 
i).fit() - it picks the feature value and finds the paramaeters like  mean,minmax,eigen vector and standarddeviation.
fit() is used to compute the parameter needed for transformation 

ii).transformer() . We apply the formula (z = (x – μ) / σ)where μ=0 and σ=1 in each and every data points.
Transformers  (Changing the input data from one format to another format)
tranform is performed only in case, where you want to perform transformation to the input
transform() is for scaling the data to convert into standard format for the model.

iii)fit_transform - it performs both fit and transform .
fit_tranform() is combination of two which is doing above work in efficiently.


3.why we should not use fit_transform in test data?
Since fit_transform() is already computing and transforming the training data only transformation 
for testing data is left,since parameter needed for transformation is already computed and stored only 
transformation() of testing data is left therefor only transform() is used instead of fit_transform().
TO overcome overfitting
