1)Define Machine Learning?
Machine learning is a subfield of artificial intelligence, 
which is broadly defined as the capability of a machine to imitate intelligent human behavior.

Machine learning is nothing bust the computation of mathematical function y=f(x),such that for every value of x we have a corresponding Y value. 
Y is a predictor and X is a feature(data points)


2)What is the intuition behind machine learning ?
The idea behind machine learning is to learn from the past mistakes and try to find the best possible coefficients 
i.e. b0 and b1 so that we are able to reduce the distance between predicted and observed y which leads to the minimization 
of error in predictions which we are making. This intuition remains the same throughout all the machine learning algorithms 
only the problem in question and the methodology to solve the problem changes.

3)MACHINE LEARNING PIPELINE/STEPS?
THERE ARE 7 STEPS OF MACHINE LEARNING : 
1.DATA COLLECTION 
2.DATA PREPARATION
3.CHOOSING A MODEL
4.TRAINING OF MODEL
5.MODEL EVALUATION
6.HYPERPARAMETER TUNING
7.PREDICTION

4)WHat is hyperparameter?
In machine learning, a hyperparameter is a parameter whose value is used to control the learning process

Four Basic Methodologies of Hyperparameter Tuning

1. Manual tuning
2. Grid search
3. Randomized search
4. Bayesian optimization

What is train and test data ?
The train-test split is used to estimate the performance of machine learning algorithms that are applicable for prediction-based Algorithms
This method is a fast and easy procedure to perform such that we can compare our own machine learning model results to machine results.
 By default, the Test set is split into 30 % of actual data and the training set is split into 70% of the actual data.
 
WHat is unseen data ?
The unseen data is all types of data that a model has never learned before. 
Ideally, the testing data is supposed to flow directly to the model in many testing iterations. 
However, in reality, access to such data is limited or not yet available in a new environment.

why do we need validation at the time of training in machine learning?
The process where a trained model is evaluated with a testing data set. 
i)Evaluate model on validation set 
ii)tweak model according to results on 	validation set 
iii)pick model that is best on validation set. 
iv)confirm result on test set 


