Research and make notes on :

1)Understanding data representation in ML
A machine learning model can't directly see, hear, or sense input examples. 
Instead, you must create a representation of the data to provide the model with 
a useful vantage point into the data's key qualities. That is, in order to train a model,
you must choose the set of features that best represent the data.

2)What is regression?
A regression is a statistical technique that relates a dependent variable to one or more independent (explanatory) variables. 
 A regression model is able to show whether changes observed in the dependent variable are associated with changes in one or more of the explanatory variables.
 

3)Mathematical Representation of regression (GI)

i)Linear Regression
a model with one independent feature(x) and a sample training set where the dependent feature is the size of the house(x) and the prediction is the price of the house(y).
In this case (y) is linearly dependent on (x) hence we can create a hypothesis that can be resembled the equation of a straight line (y=mx+c).
The linear equation assigns one scale factor to each input value or column, called a coefficient and represented by the capital Greek letter Beta (B).
One additional coefficient is also added, giving the line an additional degree of freedom (e.g. moving up and down on a two-dimensional plot) and is often called the intercept or the bias coefficient.
y = B0 + B1*x, where

B0 - represents the intercept
B1 - represents the coefficient
x - represents the independent variable
y - represents the output or the dependent variable
In higher dimensions when we have more than one input (x), the line is called a plane or a hyper-plane.


ii)Logistic Regression
Logistic regression does the same thing, but with one addition. 
It runs the result through a special non-linear function called as the logistic function or sigmoid function to produce the output y.
y=logistic(c+x1*w1+x2*w2+x3*w3……..+xn*wn)

y=1/1+e[−(c+x1∗w1+x2∗w2+x3∗w3+……..+xn∗wn)]y

The sigmoid/logistic function is given by the following equation.

y=1/1+e−x


4)How to model the data?
Step 1: Begin with existing data.
- you need to prepare, clean and label your data.
- Get rid of garbage entries, missing pieces of information, anything that’s ambiguous or confusing.
-Filter your dataset down to only the information which is required.

Step 2: Analyze data to identify patterns
-Choosing the right algorithm, applying it,
-test until you find the one that gives you the results most aligned to what you’re trying to achieve with your data. 


Step 3: Make predictions.
i)A classification algorithm
-Binary classification categorizes data between two categories.
-Multi-class classification sorts data between multiple categories. 

ii)A regression algorithm
-When the result you’re looking for is an actual number
